Create feature-rich reference python autograder (#1999)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

-----

## `pl-external-grading-variables` element

Displays variables that are given to the student, or expected for the student to define in externally-graded questions.  The list of variables should be stored in `data['params']` and has the following format:

```json
[

> 	{

Reviewer: Tabs!

        "type": "A human readable type of this variable"
    },
    {
    	"name": "variable 2",
        "...": "..."
    }
]
```

#### Sample Element

![](elements/pl-external-grader-variables.png)

**question.html**
```html
<p>The setup code gives the following variables:</p>
<pl-external-grader-variables variables-name="names_for_user"></pl-external-grader-variables>

<p>Your code snippet should define the following variables:</p>
<pl-external-grader-variables variables-name="names_from_user"></pl-external-grader-variables>
```

**server.py**
```python
def generate(data):
    data["params"]["names_for_user"] = [
        {"name": "n", "description": "Dimensionality of $\mathbf{A}$ and $\mathbf{b}$.", "type": "integer"},
        {"name": "A", "description": "Matrix $\mathbf{A}$.", "type": "numpy array"},
        {"name": "b", "description": "Vector $\mathbf{b}$.", "type": "numpy array"}
    ]
    data["params"]["names_from_user"] = [
        {"name": "x", "description": "Solution to $\mathbf{Ax}=\mathbf{b}$.", "type": "numpy array"}
    ]
```

#### Customizations

Attribute | Type | Default | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---

> `variables-name` | string | `None` | The list of variables to display, the format for which is given above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`params-name` | string | `None` | Name of variable specification in `data['params']` to display, the format for which is given above.
```

To match https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/blob/master/docs/elements.md#pl-variable-output-element

-----

## `pl-external-grader-variables` element

Displays variables that are given to the student, or expected for the student to define in externally-graded questions.  The list of variables should be stored in `data['params']` and has the following format:

```json
[
    {
        "name": "variable 1",
        "description": "A human readable description of this variable",
        "type": "A human readable type of this variable"
    },
    {
        "name": "variable 2",
        "...": "..."
    }
]
```

#### Sample Element

![](elements/pl-external-grader-variables.png)

**question.html**
```html
<p>The setup code gives the following variables:</p>
<pl-external-grader-variables params-name="names_for_user"></pl-external-grader-variables>

<p>Your code snippet should define the following variables:</p>
<pl-external-grader-variables params-name="names_from_user"></pl-external-grader-variables>
```

**server.py**
```python
def generate(data):
    data["params"]["names_for_user"] = [

>         {"name": "n", "description": "Dimensionality of $\mathbf{A}$ and $\mathbf{b}$.", "type": "integer"},

Author: Nice catch!

#### Example implementations

> - [demoCodeEditorAutograded](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/tree/master/exampleCourse/questions/demoCodeEditorAutograded)

Reviewer 2: @nicknytko these should be placed at the end after: 

```md

# Deprecated

## pl-variable-score

<!-- Switch to using reference style links for elements -->

[demoCodeEditorAutograded]: https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/tree/master/exampleCourse/questions/demoCodeEditorAutograded
```

Author: Ah, TIL this was a thing
